The basic idea:
It starts with the Player moving into his new home with a basement. His intentions are to lock up young slaves in the basement and make use of them for its own personal profit (both sexually and monetary). Shortly after moving in he has to go to his work that he already acquired before moving in.

On his free time he starts to look for his favorite preys around town trying to avoid drawing too much suspicion. When the player finds an interesting target he would stalk his victim. Learning details about his victim (what the kid likes, name, locations where it's alone, etc...). Then looking for the best opportunity to kidnap, either by using chloroform or just convince the kid to visit the player by luring the kid with something of interest. If it's kidnapped the player would need to do it while avoiding the risk of being seen.

Once the kid is locked in the basement the kid would most likely have different questions/demands to the player depending of the kid's age ("where am I", "I want to go home", "Let me out", "I want my mama", etc...) the first time the kid is locked in the basement. In the basement the player can train the kids sexually using their asshole, pussy or mouth (blowjob). The player can choose to go gentle and slow or harsh and fast training, harsher will make the kids whimper making it riskier to be heard by the neighbors.

The player can also train their obedience using treats and/or punishments and starvation can be used to enforce it. Training would make the kid make the player more money if prostituited or sold to the black market. Having too many kids with low obedience can make the kids break free from your basement (game ends) when you go to work unless the lock is upgraded.

Treats, praises and gentleness make the kid's love for the player increase. If love is high the kid can be selected to access the rest of the house, temporarily or permanently. Even with high love if the kid has low obedience it can present a risk of being caught when accessing the rest of the house when a delivery (of something the player bought) comes at your door.

Only when obedience is maxed out the player can use the kid to lure and kidnap other kids.