Introductions/Summary/plans for the game: In this game, you play as a character who desires to bring boys and girls to his home either through kidnapping, seduction, or deceit. Once brought home, it will be up to you to train them into the type of slave your heart desires.
Training will be something that works both ways. Both you and your slaves have their own set of skills to develop. Increasing your skills helps better train your slaves, get better jobs in society, or allow you to perform other activities restricted by skill. Slave skills will determine how usefull they may be at certain tasks, what type of slave thay can be, or how valuable they are for the market.
Once you have succeeded at training a slave, there will be different options available. Perhaps you want to sell them for profit, maybe you just want a servant, or maybe you've grown fond of one and want them to be your personal bed mate. Ideas are limited right now, but I'm hoping to have a nice post-slavery phase for your captured children.

For now this game is pretty bare bones but I have a good feeling about it. Later I may open a thread or set up something if people want to help in some way or just talk about the game.

Milestones in general order (Purple-Finished for now, Green-In development, Yellow-Little progress, Red-Yet to work on)
Finish character creator
Finish first day intro
Finish slave generator
Add activities around the house and town
Implement job events/details
Implement post-slave-training options
Implement black market
Implement learning options for slave and player
Implement more houses and renovation options
Implement black market contracts
Improve User Interface
Prostitution ring

Jobs
	Cabin
		lumberjack, forest ranger, janitor
	City Apartment
		plumber, store clerk, janitor, construction worker, salesman
	Neighborhood House
		plumber, garbage collector, buss driver, janitor

sex dungeon
cages
lure kids (candy shop?)
runaway orphan where you dont need to kidnap
having a favorite. have your favorite kept in a cage in your bedroom

restrict it to certain places, like at present, it's fine for the public park to have kids from all age ranges, but if you go to a school or something, restrict it to only a certain age range depending on type of school

Limit how often kids are in the playground. Maybe make younger kids early in the day, older kids in the evening, and rarely older kids at night. Older kids are harder to kidnap, but easier late at night.
Having to dodge parents or other adults while you're stalking.
More locations, with heat rising so the PC can't keep going back to the same place without increased risk of being caught, until the heat dies down. Maybe have police patrols or 'missing child' posters - over time the police become less common or the posters blow away and it's a safe location again.
Different restraints in the basement - leg irons, chained to the wall, cages, cells, unrestrained. Older kids would have to be restrained, really young kids could wander around, for example.
Video production studio.
Trading or selling slaves, or things associated with slaves, like their clothes or underwear.
Inviting others with similar tastes to join you in the basement, maybe for cash.
Bribing babysitters to sell you their kids or turn away at the crucial moment. Take on babysitter as 'apprentice.'
Buying kids from parents who need cash.
Leash.
Stockholm syndrome.
Love interactions (Hugs, kisses, ...)
Punishments: Spanking, sensory deprivation hood, shower deprivation, cold water, tied up with headphones with a recording with insults.

I don't think that there will ever be enough gameplay to spent more than one year in-game time (although it would be amazing if the game reaches that stage someday) so to experience kids aging up I think it would be better to do one of those two things:
A method to skip time (skip days/months). In SimLoli there was this mechanic and it was useful for skipping 9 months of time and see your impregnated girls produce children.
Make children grow up much faster. Like in The Sims where children grow up to the next stage in some days instead of a year (configurable). Less realistic but makes the game more dynamic. I think aging one year every 12 days could be ideal for this game. Or it could be a different number of days for each stage in life (baby/toddler/child/teen/adult)

EraSQN, eraMegaten

hock collars would be good for training, especially if they react to a wall mounted sensor. It'd be a good way of reinforcing that they should stay in an area or get shocked trying to leave it. I thought up a small obedience test scenario where you open the basement door and step away from it to see what your slave will do. [Insert name] will try to leave on low obedience and get shocked in the process until they make it back out of the sensor's range. On high obedience, they'll either ignore the "escape route" or come kneel right before the sensor and look at you.

Muzzles would be good for keeping kids silent or enforcing silence. You can get harsh heavy metal ones or soft light cloth ones.

Tieing them up, blindfolding and gagging them and leaving to starve for two days or so, could have a hunger counter for them.

To charm them get a dog preferably female and walk on the park and say she's had puppies, and do the kids want to see them.

Leave the kids tied up around the house to hitching spots gagged but naked and helpless.

Slowly gain the child's trust with a bed downstairs, food and water get them onside via Stockholm syndrome.

Be kind to them, kiss, cuddle, massage, wash them, give them clothes to wear if they behave, if they don't take away clothing.

The landfill could be a good source to find bdsm themed equipment or get resources to build your own.

Leaving them tied up suspended slightly above the floor for periods of time, then massaging there limbs better, they'd associate your touch with pleasure and pain, you could spank, beat, whip, flog them etc in such a position.

Simply talk to them daily, build up that interaction, but deliberately miss days as you become there entire world, you could read the daily paper to them, make them totally dependent on you for what's going on.

Make recordings of yourself talking, either praising them, degrading them, or playing endless loops of white noise in there ears, again while bound, gagged and blindfolded.

And eventually you could have them walking around the house, either naked, dressed minimally, with a collar and lead and they'd attach themselves to various hitching posts, give it to you, curl up in a dogs bed and cage etc

- feeding cum to the kids; you could collect it when watching porn in your bedroom
- option to watch cp (alternatively also hurtcore) when watching porn => potential dark web mechanic and buying children or the cp with the money you earn at work

- a reporter mechanic that could triger when too many kids start dissapearing (or you do too many dark web stuff) ; not only could you kidnap or kill (or order a hit or their kiddnapping on the dark web) the reporter/private detective idk, you could also try to silence them with money, let them play with the kids (potential story), or get caught and have that as a game over
- chosing your job; potential daycare/kindergarden/school job to maybe help you with more "high level" kidnappings; LIKE, you could only kiddnap young kids at the playground, while older kids you couldnt since they're smarter or something, plus they can run more easy - as a teacher you could train your child-handling stat or whatever or just use the trust of your students in you against them

- cages into the basement or into the house
- driving the kids into the woods and setting up a cage there (out in the open or like a cabin - wouldnt have to be in a cage if it was a cabin), leaving them there without food and stuff like that

- bestialility; buying an animal like a dog (maybe even a pig (could be kept at the cabin)) and having them let sex with the kid or with you

- letting the kids starve and then allowing the player to have sex with their bodies and mutilate them until they start decompozing more (week max Id say) = necrophilia
- torturing the kids
- mutilation

I had the idea of making a system so that kids could ask you things at the time of entering the basement or house. When they need something.
you could make this feture layered in the setting: 1. they ask you nicely 2. they beg you 3. they beg but you only when they're about to starve/depressed/traumatized whatever
alternatively,
A trauma mechanic would also be interesting (but no doubt tricky) to make. You could eventually "break" the child which could either cause them to be emotionless or mad
The former could satisfy someones kinds (the latter too but primarly) the latter could then make you either dump them somewhere (too mad to be afraid of them saying anything), kill them, or just keep them until you decide. You could make your other slaves then play/torture/kill/rape this child

Actually, making kids do stuff among (and AGAINST) one another would be an extremely fun mechanic too; could promise them freedom, food, clothes, toys, whatever
If you dont keep your promises they'd be less likely to do it, so youd pick (or threaten to pick) another child to then do it to them or something

- You can make baked goods or general food with your cum in it. If you do a trait system, you could have a kid with a Cum Addict trait that would view cum filled goodies as a wonderful treat or can help a kid gain that trait through these foods. The treats can be presented in the same way as regular food, in a dog bowl, on a plate, or dumped straight on the floor.

- Traits could include: Cum Addict, Mind Broken, Protective, Doll, Traumatized, etc.

- Kids with the Protective trait (that is a common trait for older kids) will protect the younger kids. Threatening to harm/use the younger kids would be a good way of getting what you want from them.

- Bottling up cum in bottles or jars. This would open up the option to sell bottles of your slaves' cum. You can also bottle your own cum to use for making the special food for your slaves or give it to them raw.

- Hypnotism skill. The more you practice, the more you polish the skill. Kids with a high mental stat resist hypnotism while lower mental stat will fall under your command. This can be used for many things like getting a certain trait or to get them to do certain acts for you. These acts could include things like going out to try and kidnap another kid or making them perform acts on you or other kids if unwilling. Hypnotizing a mind broken slave runs the risk of erasing the slave's personality and identity completely(hence the Doll trait).

- Hybrids. Kitty kids, bunny kids, puppy kids, and more! Maybe if you can't get them normally, you can find a place that you can ship a kid off to that can transform them into a hybrid. It'll take a couple days, but afterwards you'll get the kid back as a cute lovable hybrid. Hybrid recommendations: Cat(w/ a calico variant), Bunny(floppy ears and standing ears variant), Dog, Cow(w/ fluffy cow variant), and Tiger(w/ white tiger variant). Tiger hybrid could have a potential story in the future where the first one you get is an escapee from a underground zoo and are very rare to find, especially white tigers.

As Player begins in his house, he is unemployed by default. By using a computer, he could find a job.
1. Garbage collector - low income. Working every day from 8:00 to 20:00
2. Security in the shop - mid income. Working Mo-Fr from 20:00 to 8:00
3. School teacher - high income. Working Mo-Fr from 8:00 to 18:00

Each job gives bonus for Player characterstics.
Player can change the job in home using computer if his characteristics allow.
If player skips more than 1 day in week, he loosing his job.

Characteristics:
alertnes - gives a bonus to avoid cops, helps notice security camera in the sex shop (+ to steal) and etc. It can be increased by working a security.
communication - Player can faster increase trust, convince kid go with him, convince kid in some activities and etc. It can be increased by working in school.
physical condition - increasing by working as garbage collector. Gives a bonus for kidnapping (with force) success.

Also for Player may add figure type [slender, normal, fat] and size of c..k [small, avetage, big] - this characteristics gives different reactios from victims.

Main location - House:
Bedroom - player can sleep, make s_x with a `friend`, make s_x and record it. Last option adds `the tape` in inventory and could be sold in darknet (see below).
Kitchen - player can eat and make dinner for a `friend`
Basement - lots of activities.
Go to work and go outside - obvious.
Computer - player can find|change a job, check local news and access darknet.
From local news, Player checks a lelel of alarm in the city. If level is high, getting a new `friend` could be very hard task. Alarm changes from 0 to 90 from activities like kidnapping, stealing and etc. and goes down by some time.
In the darknet player can sell tapes by default. This mechanic gives some fast money for upgrades. If the tape was sold within 1 week after kidnap - it have a 100% of maximum price, but could trigger a event of arresting Player (soft gameover). If player sell it later, cost of the tape falls to 30% of maximum price. And each selling increase the trust of the darknet. So later Player can receive a special orders (kidnap and etc.)

Children characteristics:
complexion - skinny, thin, slim, plump, fat
weight - calculates as [age + complexion]. As example: a slender Player would have a low chance to kidnap fat 12 yo :D
health - if 0 it's a dead body
hunger - from 0 - 100. if it keeps at 0, kid loosing a weight, on 100 increasing a weight.
pain - high value makes kid unconscious. decreasing by time
cleaningness - on low values slightly affects health
beauty/status - decreasing by some activities or Player's stupid actions (i.e. have sex with npc from playground having big c__k). stupid actions also could afftect health

And a main mechanic for infinite gameplay - Player can sell `friend` on the darknet, or try to hide a body somewhere. Booth of this actions increase alarm level.

 fallout bunker where you trick the kid into thinking the world has ended
 
 It would be so much fun. Train a kid, when he reach 100% thrust, send him/her on a recrutment mission (mom, can i go sleep to * house?) and add a parent thrust addon: if the parent thrust the kid/you, sure why not. but if the parent doesn't thrust you: your fucktoy may stay at their home and get caught doing naughty thing with the other kid...

so much fun thing can happen on a one night stay... so much possibility!

- job: Doctor (reduce chance of death or injury , reduce time of incapacited after sex (i mean... a nepi getting but fuck.. must hurt and can't really use it everyday without risk of fatal anal ruspure...))
- job: psychiatry (easier to induce a stockolm syndrom, Can spot already used children, can manipulate other easily)
- job: police officer ( can know if you are under suspicion, children thrust you more easily, parent thrust you easily, can point finger at another friend to lower heat)
- Job: Prostitute (older job in the history, can train children more easily, more heat from the cops, attract more attention from parents)

Submission Training (Could be semi-related to restraints?)
Blackmailing parents or principals/teachers (If we ever see a school system in this game) so they'll be more affable, however much they can be with being blackmailed, with your protagonist even if aware of your MC's less than ethical behaviors/deeds.
Small chance the parents could go to the police about you anyway, depending on the parent's traits? If your MC is arrested however, you could release evidence of any felonies the parent has committed on a timer (This might be a trope but meh. Could add some fun, I guess)
Small chance the parent tells MC the former didn't have to be blackmailed and join MC on the latter's adventures into hedonism (Could add something to do with incest? I understand if OP doesn't want to add cest tho I would be saddened by its lack. Would be even better to add MC's offspring for cest but yeah, not necessary to make a good game if the subject makes you uncomfortable)
Putting the business ends of leashes onto em to be lead like and/or by a dog (Maybe add some beast stuff too? This not being included would be understandable)
My ideas for restraints: Fuck Wall, Sex Arcade, Pillory, beds with harnesses for limbs
Hiring some instead of kidnapping (Lil'uns need money too, right?), to have fun with them
Using chloroform for older ones when they're perhaps walking home/somewhere from home in a bad part of the city or late at night (Could do it with more than one if you had an assistant/apprentice)
Breaking into houses and kidnapping them from their beds
- job: Trucker (know alle the best disposable spot, can kidnap from other town to lower suspision, high chance to get caught by police on the highway if the child is not hiden/asleep)

- Training: Can have special toys to train your meat. Family fun pack Dildo: from baby meat to hors meat, all the fun in one package. Can't have our nepi friend use the same toy as our big girl, can we?

- Damage: You can alway have fun with the young, but can he/her take a full size fun toy? No, it can cause damage and the pour litle angel can suffer a lot and even die... Training can help enlarge the passage and make it more easy to train and gain thrust in a good way. you can always force your way, but it become harder to gain thrust and the child can ran away more easily or even die...
- execution/Necrophilia: Even in death, i still serve! you can always have some fun, even if a little cold. can be used as a reminder to the other angels of what can happen if they don't listen to you or try to run away. A death angel is bether than jail.
- Pregnency: i read that it's already in your plan and i like the idea. could also make the child grow older as time pass. a 5 y old can grow to a 12 y old and have children to help with the population of your basement.

make the kids have sex with each other? Like if you kidnap an older boy (like 9 or 10) and make him have sex with a 4 or 5 year old (boy or girl)?

1. Oneechan play
2. Blowjob
3. Petplay

having a dog as an option to lure children to a more secluded area be something

maybe the MC could learn some stuff online...like hairdressing...its hard to find pale readheads, so just turn other pale girls into them ^^

Another idea would be to add some aphrodisiacs to their food, one dose to arouse them more easy, two doses to make them ask you for help, 3 doses to catch them masturbaring and overdose to make them play with each other, limited usage every few days or once per week.

its absolutely useless for lesbians and gays
Not necessarily, we could make the game a little futuristic and implement "virgin conception kits". Just an idea. It's something that exist in real life but it's in very early stages: https://cordis.europa.eu/article/id/24410-british-scientists-create-human-embryos-without-sperm
Far in the future two woman will probably be able to have a baby without needing any male in any way 

If you spend time with the kids you learn some basics...how to convince, how to charm, how to threaten, ...so it should not only be the kids that gain xp from contact, but also yourself. You could even implement karma points to grow into the role you want, be it the cruel slaver or the loving head of the harem. You could even limit the shop stock and the things you could learn to the chosen route, the cruel one gets the torture stuff, learns how to break the kids and where to sell/rent the trained sexslaves, the caring one gets the fun stuff, learns how to make the kids enjoy themselfes and how to use their skills to earn money without sharing them with other adults...and well, a neutral one who uses all kinds of drugs to make them comply and use them however could also be another route, but it should be at least a skill everyone could learn because drugs are expensive, but could tame some rebel or arouse some frigid virgin faster than words or violence, so it would make sense if you are able to learn how to make the basic drugs yourself.

 It would be good that the kids have a backstory specially to avoid that, when dialog with them is implemented, the player ends up having the exact same conversation with them. This would solve the problem that were in SimLoli and even the CARETaker project where you have different kids but most or all of them give you the same exact responses and they lose individuality.
 
 I guess it would be more enjoyable for most people if I sacrifice realism a little bit here. So I'll do that for now. Even if slave escapes or someone discovers the debauchery the player will not be caught by authorities and it will lead to other interesting events. Later I can always implement like a "hardcore mode" toggleable in settings that gives more challenge to the game
 
 Definitely need breast, butt, penis growing/shrinking pills like in degrees of lewdity, and not just for the MC.

Animal transformations etc again could be done through so called "joke" pills that do actually work but everyone thinks they are fake lol
All that would be post 1.0 and when the time comes I'll have to think about the implications in the game for the first set of pills.

I prefer the furries be created through bestiality pregnancy...but those are two of my fetishes (that work well together IMHO).
Loliholic said:
I can get behind that...but you need a farm for all the different breeding parents...some hybrid can life in any house, but not the animals...so you would be limited to cats, dogs, snakes, spiders, insects and everything you can place in a glass box...there is much missing ^^
Well, except you make some breeding shows in local animal parks, farms, ...that could be an idea for an addon once the preg and marketing systems are working ^^
And how about the option to move to an isolated farm instead of an urban house? It would make capturing kids harder but able to have more kinds of animals and in large quantities to satisfy bestiality kinks. The players could move there when they think they have enough slaves or maybe they just capture one slave and use just that slave alone to populate the new home (with lots of pregnancy)

That is a good idea. Depending on society you could find some runaway kids who didnt liked their parents plan for their lifes or the orphanage they were in. Taking in the strays would even the field if you can capture much in the area. Some could have been in a near forest and know where to capture some animals ^^

To implement the toilet i would say adding a chore that is taking them to the toilet from the basement, it has to be done 3 or 2 times per day, except in babies or diapers user which would be "Change diaper" if its not done it could result in the first wetting their pants or the basement and there would be a second chore that would be "cleaning" which will consume considerable amount of time. If the player doesn't clean or change the diapers once they have to it will affect negativity to the slave, lowering the price due to, for example, sore skin or poor hygiene. Also It can be the other way around. If you want to train a slave to be a diaper wearer you'll have to avoid taking them to the toilet several times and then once they have wetted their pants enough times an option could appear that says "put him/her in diapers". With this mechanic you can add especial sales, like for more money from time to time could come a customer asking for a especific slave. For example "you received a mail, Mr Owenson has heard about your business and wants to purchase a latina girl, not older than 9 that wears diaper and is able to suck properly. Payment: X" that way you'll get more money than usual and you have to find the way to train that one to fullfil the client needs. I would add and option to accept or decline the mail so you can keep tract of the goals you have to fullfil for that bonus, and make it so you can't accept more than 4 mails at a time.

Also the things that could involve could be:
- Ethnicity and look
- Age (can be older than X or not older than X. To make it easier than an especific age, or maybe an especific age for a higher money bonus from time to time)
- Obedience level (high or low)
- Fear level (high or low)
- Virginity or not
- Level of anal sex (tight or loose)
- Level of sucking (noob or skillful)
- Special qualities like Trans, diaper wearing and others you might think...
- Level of hygiene (high or low)

And with all the options that you can do or refusing to do, you have to get the stats of the slave match what the customer asked. That way you can accept the mails about things you would like to do that fit your interest to train those slaves and the ones that you find boring you just decline the mail. And also it doesnt have to be all those things, could be an easy request having to match 3 of the stats mentioned above or medium (4 stats) or hard (5 stats) and depending on the difficulty will report more or less money, plus an extra if it is a especific age rather than an "older than X" or "not older than X"

the option "(5) Insert his erected penis in your ass." is missing a little something, I think, like "(X) Suck his erected penis in your mouth."
and at "(1) Tell him to endure it.: 10min", "XY lost his control and can't hold back his orgasm."
Of course, you could also punish him for cuming by stimulating his sensitive wiener / glans and not giving him a chance to come down from his climax....

Another idea would be if you have several children and go into the cellar, that they act together...
X and Y lie on the mattress and cuddle (anxiously).
X and Y play doctor (by High lust)
X and Y lie naked on the mattress and practise kissing. (probably preparing for the arrival of their master)
X and Y's clothes are scattered around the basement, both grinning sheepishly. (they probably thought they could play quickly before their master showed up)

or they tell each other something (I like it when he puts his penis in me / I like it when he sucks on my willy / I hope we get something to eat today)

a rack that you tie one of the children up on, and then when the other children are hungry enough, they'll suck on that kids juices.

Currently the kids age does not seem to make any difference. I suggest mixing it a bit up to add some randomness and some impact of age.

1) Give them a random chance to already start out with some training depending on age.

For example a 10 year old girl has a 5% chance to already have 10-30 pussy training and that raises by 5% per year, the possible amount of max training also raises with age. So a 16 year old girl has a 35% chance to start with 10-50 pussy training. Pussy training >40 also means they have already lost their virginity.

You could also give these girls some random unique dialog first time see a dick "Wow, that one is bigger than my brothers, I wonder how it feels..."

2) Speed up initial training (maybe up to 50?) with age. A 16 year old is easier to pussy train than a 12 year old which is easier to train than a 7 year old...

3) Younger kids on the other hand loose their freedom wish faster and gain obedience faster. A 7 year old will follow commands by a random stranger faster than a 12 year old. And a 7 year old will also sooner accept the new living situation and the new "parent".

4) Just got one more idea: the higher their love is the less obedience they loose. So at 100 love they do not loose any obedience over time.

If you plan to add pregnancy it would be an easy ways to make twins, triplets, ... yourself. Either by drugs, chance or hormonal overdose ^^
But somehow you need a workaround for lesbians...
Double sided dildo
 collars and dog tags you can write custom names on
Jerk to slave underwear in bedroom.